me here for joining me uh on CNBC and
for Fort Knox. Um we're at CES and you
just got off stage and out of that
analyst conversation a bit ago and I
want to talk about the CES
announcements, but first
>> I haven't had a chance to talk to you
since the Grock licensing announcement.
>> A lot of talk about inferencing here.
>> Why was that an important deal for you
to do given all the advantages you
already had in inference? Well, we don't
compete. Yeah, you're you're absolutely
right that that uh Eva's platform is
unique in the sense that we're we're
great at training. We're great at post
training and now with reinforcement
learning and and uh the scale of
computing necessary for post-training
and because of the investments that we
made with NVLink and all of the
technologies we created, we're
incredibly good at inference. We're the
only architecture that really spans all
three.
We've known about Grock for some time
and and um the thing that I really like
about Grock is although although we
never saw ourselves competing
um they built a very specialized version
of a chip that is that uses integrated
SRAMM. Um it can't scale up to the scale
that we could scale. It's it of course
can't be used for training and pre and
post training. Um, but if for for low
latency, high token rate generation, so
long as it fits in the SRAMM, it's
really quite quite interesting. And so I
really love their low latency focus.
Everything about their programming
model, their architecture, their system
architecture was designed for low
latency.
Now, the extreme the extreme capability
for low latency token generation is also
one of the reasons why they had a very
hard time addressing the mainstream part
of AI factories.
But in combination with us, they don't
have to address that. You know, they no
longer have to address the segment of
the market that quite frankly where the
scale is. And maybe maybe with us we can
go explore the the edges, the fringes
of where AI factories could be someday.
And so I really like the team. I really
like Jonathan. Really talented team. I
love their conviction. Um I think their
architecture has has a uh really unique
strengths um for the mainstream part of
the market some real challenges but
together those aren't their problems
anymore. They could really focus on
their strengths.
>> Something that I've noticed that is
different to me is how deep you go on
the details of other people's
businesses. So, I was I was watching the
video you did uh with the poodle talking
about runway. Um, and I I I know Chris a
bit. We started talking about three
years ago
>> and you were talking about his business
like it was your business like you
really and there's so many companies.
What's your process
>> in understanding the landscape, the
ecosystem that way?
>> John, there's only one way to do it. You
just can't sleep, you know. But I, you
know, Nvidia, Nvidia is a platform
company. We sit at the center of this
technology shift, this platform shift
from classical computing to artificial
intelligence.
You know, we're fortunate that we've
been working on it for a long time and
and the the way that we we've solved the
problem uh turned out to have been quite
useful.
And
because Nvidia has always been a systems
company, we're full stack, meaning we
build chipsets, we develop software, we
develop algorithms, and we even create
systems.
But we never wanted to be a vertically
integrated company. We wanted to be a
platform company where we could work
with every ecosystem partner. And so
enjoying seeing other people's success
that we work with is kind of part of our
DNA. And so I'm always thinking about
how can I be helpful to this CEO? How
can we do things together such that when
they grow, they take us with them. Um
what are what are the things that I
could do with this CEO with this company
that are somewhat unique and we invent
something together. You know, I'm
constantly trying to figure out how can
we be of service to someone? How can we
be helpful to someone? How can we
partner with someone?
And that's a very different psychology
than a lot of CEOs who are always trying
how do I disrupt someone? How do I take
their market share?
Not one nanocond does Nvidia think about
taking somebody else's market share or
disrupting anybody. We're always trying
to think about creating something and
that's just the nature of our company.
And it's it's also fitting that we're at
the center of the ecosystem. So we need,
you know, we we want a lot of friends,
we have a lot of friends, we need a lot
of friends. and and I think our the DNA
of our company that wants other people
to succeed so badly, you know, it's one
of the reasons why we we learn a lot
about them. So that leads nicely into
open, which is one of the early themes
that you talked about and the idea that
it's going to take open platforms, open
approaches to truly grow the AI's
potential in in the next phase in the
next era. you've been contributing a
bunch to various open efforts and I want
to get to Apomeo in in a bit like on the
on the physical AI side but
percentage-wise or portionwise how much
of Nvidia's time gets spent on open and
how much of what you saw happen I don't
know 20 plus years ago in the the most
recent Linux open source era influenced
that
>> we have several thousand people working
on the open stack from from the
infrastructure layer which is the
runtime of the AI factory the operating
system of the AI factory to the model
layer like Neotron
Groot Alpamo
Earth 2 all of our
Clara biology models
all together that entire se section of
our company is probably several thousand
people if I venture to guess something
along the lines of 5,000.
We're one of the we are the largest
contributor to open source for AI in the
world. We build frontier models for
physical AI like Cosmos, for autonomous
vehicles like Alpha Mayo, humano
robotics like Groot, protein models like
open fold 3 and EVO 2 and Laortina
all you know or the R2 models. We're
building frontier models across a lot of
different domains. We open source it not
just the model and the model weights but
we open source the data. All of the data
we use are all permissible for
downloading. So we make sure that the
data we train our models with are
permissible. They're so permissible I
could even give the data away. And so uh
we we all of the scripts that we use and
all the runtimes everything's open. It's
because of that that we're literally
integrated into every company in the
world. We're the only AI company in the
world working with every AI company in
the world. We run every model from open
AI to this year we announced Anthropic.
I'm very excited about that. Of course,
we have the benefit of working with Elon
and XAI. We've always been working with
with uh Google on Gemini. And so Nvidia
is the only company in the world that
runs across every domain of science,
>> every AI company, every AI model. And
the only way to do that is to do it
openly. If we were to be proprietary in
some way, closed in some way, then we'll
have the benefit of monetizing the
entire layer and the entr stack, but it
prevents our ability to be open. And we
I really love that our company has the
ability to work with everybody.
>> Let's talk about physical AI starting
with robotics. It's been
>> Oh, excuse me, John. If you take all of
the open source models in the world, all
the open models in the world.
>> Yeah.
>> And we just glom that together as one.
>> Yeah. open open the world's open models
is probably the second largest model the
first the largest open AI but the second
largest is clearly open source and so
that kind of tells you something where
the leader in open source is actually a
lot of ways already the second largest
model
>> you know it's just that there's a whole
bunch of them
>> but that's okay we don't care it doesn't
matter that it's only one but I think
this open model strategy really works
it's a big investment for us and we have
to attract some of the world's frontier
AI model makers and so Nvidia is a great
place to work and we have amazing AI
researchers and so this is an area we
contribute deeply to the world to
>> and I guess one might argue it keeps the
industry safer from getting captured by
any one particular proprietary point of
view
>> the opposite way of thinking about that
is it enables innovation at almost every
scale
>> it's because of these open models that
we're able to work with every enterprise
company in the world Right?
>> From the work that we do with Cadence
and Synopsis and Seammens to the ones we
do with Crowd Strike and Palunteer and
Service Now and right on and on on these
are amazing companies we have the
benefit of working with and it's all
because the work that we do is open. So
we're in a lot of ways
the strategy is not monetized
but in it's monetized in a way that our
platform has adopted
>> right um when the sun shines it shines
everywhere and things grow robotics
it's been a dream part of CES for a long
time but it's also been elusive and we
had Iro robot kind of not go in a great
direction. Um, granted, we do have
autonomous vehicles now and those are
really robots, I guess, right? As we're
talking about physical AI,
>> what makes this moment different for
robotics in particular? And maybe give
me humanoid because we tend to get very
excited about it, but I wonder too
excited.
>> Excellent. Excellent. Timing is
everything.
We've been thinking about this area for
a long time, waiting for that moment.
and and um as in many of the things that
we do um whether it's digital biology
and turning drug discovery from a from a
discovery process to an engineering
process from a scientific process to a
science and engineering process to
self-driving cars to even the work that
we do in computer graphics rate tracing
is now completely done in real time. It
took us 30 years to do it in real time.
And so you have to pursue something for
a long period of time looking for that
moment where that enabling technology is
discovered. In the case of human
robotics, let me let me first say that a
computer doesn't know and doesn't care
what kind of tokens it's generating. It
could be generating a language token. It
could be generating a video token. It
could be generating a steering wheel
activation token. or it could be
generating a finger articulation grasp
token. The computer in the final
analysis is just a bunch of numbers.
The moment that I saw
generative video,
us texting into a prompt,
two people sitting having a
conversation.
The guy wearing a jacket reaches out,
picks up a cup of water, and drinks it.
I could describe that into a generative
AI model today and you and I mo both
know that Chris for example
>> Yeah.
>> Right. With runway
>> runway. Yeah.
>> I could give him that prompt and he will
generate an amazing video. Isn't that
right? And that video has a person
reaching out and picking up a cup.
Why is that model different
>> than a generative model for a human or
robot picking up a cup?
The moment I saw that working that well,
then the rest of it is still a whole
bunch of research, a whole bunch of
whole bunch of technology, but you could
tell that the enabling technology is
just right around the corner.
>> What you can see happening in one mode,
right, in video,
>> it's just innovation happens.
>> Yeah. Stop it. That's how innovation has
happened. I'm constantly doing this. You
know, if that's possible and we break it
down to first principles, why can't I do
that here?
And if you could do that, when you see
art of the possible in one domain, so
long as you could reason back to first
principles, you could reapply that in
another domain. Most innovators think in
this way.
>> Okay. So I was talking to Chris
Valenuela over at Runway. He was one of
your early partners on Vera Rubin.
>> I'm so proud of them. The next um
version of the platform which you're
saying you're delivering to partners
second half of 2026. Right now, all six
chips have kind of been tested out.
>> Chris will never say this. He'll
probably never tell anybody this, but
Chris has already had access to Vera
Rubin.
>> Yeah.
>> Chris has already generated a video on
Vera Rubin.
>> That's where I was going.
>> Is that right? Okay.
>> Is that he was telling me
>> Uhhuh.
>> that it only took him a day.
>> Yeah.
>> To uh switch things around from what he
was doing. I don't think he said he was
on Blackwell. Uh he was on Hopper to
Vera Rubin. And in the past it probably
would have taken weeks to do that kind
of change app. What kind of a
platform impact? What kind of a customer
joy impact do you think that is that
upgradability in particular?
>> John, you asked a great question. When
when we first introduced the first
version of Hopper, it was actually very
early on. was Pascal to Volulta to
Ampure to Hopper. By the time Hopper
came along, it was the fourth
generation. People were very comfortable
with the 8 GPU MVLink system. And so
that was very comfortable transition.
When we went from Hopper to Blackwell,
we went from a system that's one node to
this rack scale system. This is the
world's first computer where every
single node contributes to one computer.
It's one computer.
>> That's why it's a rack scale system. We
disagregated Grace Blackwell's NV link,
which is revolutionary. It's in the back
of the system. That NV link is two miles
of cables, 5 5,000 cables, and transmits
the entire internet's bandwidth
across that entire spine. It basically
has the entire internet's aggregate
bandwidth across the back of that
computer. Okay, when we disagregated
that, we changed the programming model
quite significantly. So going from
Hopper to Grace Blackwell was a big
change, but then the Blackwell GB300 was
easy. Going to Vera Rubin, it looks the
same. So Vera Rubin is going to be easy
transition. Tell me how much more
performant Barera Rubin is because I get
questions got one on pass money. How
much does it cost? And I guess the flip
side of that is how much value does it
deliver?
>> That's exactly right.
>> You got some charts on a screen behind
me,
>> you know, showing the the difference in
value between Hopper, Blackwell, Reuben.
>> What are some of the most compelling,
you think, stats now that you've got
these six chips in production and you're
starting to really pump out some U?
>> It comes down, it's a ton of technology
and a whole bunch of software, but it
comes down to three things ultimately.
Okay,
>> the first thing is this. The big picture
is to think about these computers not as
supercomputers but as AI factories.
These AI factories are producing what is
called tokens, numbers. And so you you
have to use you have to use the factory
for three things, three fundamental
things. The first thing is to train your
next frontier model so that you could
build the best AI get to market first.
So you want to train it as fast as you
can. Comparing
Blackwell to Reuben, Ruben is a 4x leap.
And so that 4x jump, you could either do
something in four months or do it in one
month. So it's a very big difference.
You could either do something with four
times as many black wells or 1/4 as
many. Save a ton of money. You could
decide to get to market sooner or you
could train your next generation model
cheaper. You decide. And so that's
training the model. It's really about
the next frontier. The second thing is
that you have to generate the tokens as
cost effectively as possible because
every single generation
the token costs are coming down.
>> Okay.
>> Now when token cost comes down you can
use more of it. That's a very big deal.
And so we need to get the token cost to
come down. And Reuben reduces our token
cost by a factor of 10 over Blackwell.
>> How much of that is because of energy
efficiency?
>> It's energy efficiency. It's algorithms.
It's chips that go faster. In the world
of AI factories, going faster is the
same as going cheaper. So fast getting
something done f more quickly
costs less to do. And the third thing
that we have to do is the overall
throughput of that AI factory has to
increase or the revenues of the company
that builds that factory doesn't
increase. And so we have to make sure
that every single generation we increase
it tremendously. In the case of Reuben,
the
token throughput of an AI factory
increases by a factor of 10 times.
>> And so
the value is unquestionably incredible.
And the reason why we're able to do that
even though the number of transistors we
used was only 1.7 times. This is where
Nvidia's ability to integrate and
innovate across the CPU GPU the GPU the
networking the networking the switches
the scale up switch the scale out switch
and the data processing engine. We
literally innovated across every single
chip of the data center. this and Vera
Rubin this generation every single chip
changed
>> six brand new chips every one of them
revolutionary
and it's by co-designing it's called
co-designing it's basically innovation
innovating across everything at one time
escaping from the box that you're
trapped in inside so that you can
innovate and do things that otherwise
impossible so bear Rubin is going to
give us a 10x in terms the benefits in
throughput 10x in ter benefit in terms
of cost.
>> I see a couple threads coming together
here because we were talking about how
you operate across potential partners
and other companies and trying to find
the win-wins. We talked about open you
mentioned uh innovating across all these
different pieces of the stack. Uh
another partner that I heard you were
working with is vast data and I know
Renan you know from from Fort Knox
you've gone back. So I texted him. I was
like, "Okay, well, are you at CES?"
Turns out he's coming tomorrow. We're
going to
>> We created We created this thing called
Bluefield 4. Yeah.
>> Which is going to be a revolutionary AI
memory system. And Ronin and Vas,
they're the first one to go build
something for it. And the way I'm
thinking of it, correct me if I'm wrong
here, simplifying incorrectly, but once
you're running around doing a whole
bunch of different tasks the way AI and
especially Agentic is starting to,
>> if you don't improve somehow your
short-term memory, you're going to
forget what was on your list of things
to do and you're going to have to slow
down. The idea is if you can build out a
new category of memory of storage,
>> then the AI doesn't have to slow down.
>> Two problems that we have to solve. The
first problem is that the memory in the
HBM chip or the memory chips we have in
our compute is just not it's not very
big. It's fast, but we're thinking about
a lot of things. Our it's our context
memory is getting larger and larger and
larger and we're thinking more deeply.
So, we're generating short-term memory,
working memory, and it's getting larger
and larger. Meanwhile,
before we generate an answer,
we should go and bring in a whole bunch
of context about this the scenario. Am I
solving this qu am I answering this
question about digital biology? You
know, what what part of disease and what
kind of drugs am I talking about? I
should go and load that knowledge into
my context memory. I might even load up
a bunch of research from my research
scientist. Maybe I'll load up all of the
conversations I've already had with this
AI and I want to put all of that into my
working memory. Yeah. Well, if you want
context and you want to think deeply
about a about a topic, you want your
working memory to be as large as
possible. And so today, the working
memory is just not big enough. And so
we're basically going to create a giant
working memory. Now this working memory
you could put on a network somewhere
like we do with storage. It's like your
working brain is not in your brain.
We're going to move the working memory
and attach it right to the right to this
to the to Vera Rubin rack.
>> We're essentially taking all of your
memory and connecting it to the brain.
So that's going to be a big deal. Uh I
think for investors now to to get
specifically there a lot of people might
not be thinking of the things you're
working on as a total rearchitecting
of how scale computing works but we
talked about uh not just the the six
chips in Vera Rubin and the impact on uh
video and AI and you know now storage
we're talking about in cars physical
world we're talking about some pretty
vast changes that you seem to be seing
and I guess maybe that's where some of
the opportunity is. You know, humanoid
robots, some of the opportunity is still
for growth for those who think, boy,
Nvidia has gotten so big. Do we have to
look for the next one?
>> Well, the I think autonomous vehicles is
going to be a giant growth opportunity
for us. It's already a multi-billion
dollar business and we're just getting
started. In every single case, because
we're a platform company
with chips and software and algorithms
and models, because we're a platform
company, we have to go develop the
platform long in advance and seed it
into the ecosystem before the market
takes off. And so it usually takes about
a decade. We've been working on robotics
now for five years, maybe six, six
years. And we're building the processor,
the computer, the software, the
infrastructure software, and the AI
models that go with it. We're working
with just about every robotics company
on the planet. There's not one that
we're not working with that I know of.
And they could be humanoid, they could
be manipulators, they could be AMRs.
And so all these different AI uh humano
robotic systems are able to take
advantage of our full stack because
we've been working on it. So when the
when the ecosystem finally takes off,
we're already integrated into the
ecosystem. So the way our mental model
works is we have to understand the
domain, have a vision about that domain,
go do the basic research, build the
stack, build a platform, build the
ecosystem to integrate the the platform
into it. Then when the market takes off,
we're at the center of it. You've you've
seen us now do this in computer graphics
where 90% of the world's PC gaming
market.
You've seen us do this in high
performance computing, scientific
computing. We're a very big part of
that. You see this in AI, we're a very
big part of that. You see us now doing
it autonomous vehicles. We're a very big
part of that. And so each one of these
these industries, we have to imagine we
have to imagine it long in advance and
build that platform.
Finally, speaking of computer graphics,
um been a little nostalgic. My very
first CES was 25 years ago, January
2021, and I remember it's when Bill
Gates unveiled the first Xbox over at
the Las Vegas Hilton.
>> Yeah.
>> And inside that Xbox,
>> Nvidia.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, a lot of people were thinking about
Nvidia as being just for graphics at the
time, and you showed off some impressive
graphics for the video game. proud of
Nintendo Switch. You know, look, from
Xbox, Nintendo Switch,
>> it is literally the single most
successful game console in history,
right?
>> Yeah.
>> So, I'm so proud of Nintendo.
>> Back then, Bill Gates and Microsoft was
was sort of big deal.
>> Yeah. He still is.
>> You're you're a big deal at CES 25 years
later. And we're not talking just about
gaming.
>> Yeah. Give me your sense of how much
your vision of the possibilities has
shifted over these 25 years.
>> Well, the the the tools we have, the
technology tools we have today to solve
problems are just incredible. The idea
that we now have an AI model that is
understanding but learning the
representation, learning the meaning of
the language of proteins, not just one
protein. We could predict amino acid to
a protein. That's easy. We now can
imagine and and generate um multiple
proteins together. Well, multiple
proteins is a cell, a cellular function.
And so the idea that we could understand
biology at the DNA level, at the amino
acid level, at the protein level, and
now increasingly at the cellular level,
and hopefully at the organ level soon,
that ability for us to have the tools,
the mathematical tools, the scientific
computing tools to be able to understand
and work with that, that's incredible.
The idea that to to us that generative
video and human robotics is a cousins of
the same problem. you know, the idea
that that computer graphics and the work
that we're doing with with Nokia on on
teles on on radios, cellular radios, 6G,
that ray tracing and 6G are very similar
problems and that AI would treat them
very similarly that we have the
instruments, the tools necessary to go
do all this. And then finally, for
Nvidia to be at a scale that that I can
go explore these ideas and go work with
all of these CEOs to create these
futures together, you know, I I I just
it is 25 years that you mentioned it's
25 years later
in a quarter of a century.
Well, as I I'm reflecting on it, I think
you and I can only think of one one CEO
that's still actively working in that
quarter century. But but um in that
quarter of a century for us to have
developed the technology,
the scale to be at a at the epicenter of
all of this thing happening and being
part of all of this uh is really quite
extraordinary. And then to be to be
genuinely at the beginning of our growth
when we're already so large is quite
remarkable.
>> The beginning.
>> Yeah, we're at the beginning of our
growth. There's no question about it.
All right.
>> Well, I continue to to track you
hopefully for another 25
>> another 25 years, my friend Jensen.
Thanks,
>> Lisa. I think you broke some records
here with last night's keynote. It was
like two and a half hours, but everyone
and I was watching the crowd on the edge
of their seats.
>> Well, Liz, so great to see you. Thanks
for being here. It's great to have you
at CES. And man, there's just so much
going on, isn't there?
>> Yeah, there really is. And yesterday you
really proved as you laid out
everything, it felt like you threw down
a big gauntlet, Lisa. You came out and
said that your Helios rack system is
quote the best in the world. Tell me why
you are able to say that because I'm
sure there are a lot of the chip CEOs
around here are saying, "Who she thinks
she is?"
>> Well, look, we are very, very proud and
excited about Helios. Oh, somebody gave
you our chip. Yeah. Who did that?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Look, hold it up.
>> Yes, absolutely. Make sure everyone sees
this is our MI455
um chip. It is the most advanced chip
we've ever built. It's 70% more um more
transistors than um our last generation
MI355.
>> And that's the Helios on our screen
right now.
>> That's right. And so the 72 of these go
into that huge system that allows you to
really get, you know, the best
performance, the best efficiency, and
the overall total cost of ownership that
you need to run all of this AI. And, you
know, Liz, probably the main thing I
want people to understand is the demand
for AI is just incredible. It's going
through the roof. You know, everyone,
you mentioned some of the guests that we
had. Um, everyone that I talk to, all of
our customers are saying, "Lisa, help us
get more compute because we're at this
place where, you know, we're just
starting to experience um, AI
everywhere." And what I really want to
do is make sure that we proliferate AI
so that everyone can experience the
power. We are at the Consumer Electronic
Show. I mean, what consumer technology
or experiences in the next, let's just
say, 12 months will blow people away.
Well, I think it's um a whole bunch of
things. I mean, today everyone's, you
know, most everyone's experienced a chat
GPT or Gemini like moment. Now you go
down to AIPCs that be can become
personal assistance for you. And now you
go down to the edge. I was hearing a
little bit of what Jason was saying
about personalized healthcare. You know,
that's something that I'm really really
passionate about. And the key, Liz, is
the more we use it, the more it can help
you. And this is all about getting
consumers familiar with the technology
and trusting that the technology uh can
really be like your best friend.
>> So you talk about um 72 of these in the
Helios. How much does one of these cost?
>> It's not cheap. [laughter]
>> Let's let's put it this way. This is all
about how do we get incredible
performance? It's 320 billion
transition.
>> Okay. But if I if I drop this, what
would you say, Liz? You owe me. like you
break it, you buy it kind of thing.
>> You would you would owe us um tens of
thousands of dollars.
>> Tens of thousands of dollars. So 72 of
these. Who's buying them?
>> Very large customers. Open AAI, you
know, Greg Brockman was um on stage with
us. Uh we love to work with Open AI.
They are really pioneering some of the
uh clear largest models. Whether you're
talking about consumer, enterprise, you
know, Oracle, Meta, we have a long list
of customers. Here's where we heard a
collective people. It caught their
breath when you had Blue Origin come out
and say that they have chosen your chips
and your technology to help them get
astronauts to the to dare I say the dark
side of the moon uh by 2027.
>> Well, one of the things that is most
interesting about AI is we only hear
like sort of one piece, right? We hear
about sort of big iron large data
centers. Um but my message is you're
going to see AI everywhere and that is
in the cloud in PCs and in the edge and
space is exactly one of those edge
applications where you know you you're
not tethered to um to a large cloud
environment. You have to be there you
know local in these machines and uh we
love John the work that we've done with
Blue Origin. I think this is one of the
harshest environments uh that you have
and yes they've chosen AMD for some of
their computing and we are thrilled with
that partnership.
>> He said that your technology can
eventually help them establish
industrial operations on the moon.
I I can already hear some astronomers
freaking out. No, no, no. We don't want
that. But that you could do that and
have a permanent staff on the moon. That
that is the idea of really taking our
technology putting it in a way that it's
highly reliable, highly capable and you
know frankly the innovation that's
required to establish uh this lunar uh
permanence is not easy. Um I think the
work that John and his team are doing
are amazing at Blue Origin and we love
being the the power underneath that. One
of the things that is going on right now
in the world of business and investing
is this battle between Peace Sky
Paramount Sky Dance to buy Warner
Brothers Discovery. You've got Netflix
fighting in there. Yesterday at your
keynote, you unveiled Rockom, which is
of course a whole different system. And
then you brought out the Luma CEO and he
talked about how an individual can
actually put a script in and spit out a
90minute featurelength film and it was
gorgeous what they showed us. I I don't
know who should be nervous there. I
mean, why are they fighting over Warner
Brothers Studios if people can actually
make their own studio using your
technology? And I think this is the key.
Um, you were paying close attention,
Liz. I can see the the beauty of AI is
it's not like it's going to do
everything for you, but it takes human
ideas and turns them into, you know,
very beautiful productions in a very
short amount of time with few resources.
And so, uh, we did have, um, Amed Jane
from Luma, we had Fay Lee from World
Labs. And what they're doing is they're
taking the power of large language
models and actually turning them into,
you know, video and 3D worlds that will
allow us to, you know, really create
these incredible capabilities with just
far different set of resources. How are
you going to beat everybody who's trying
to beat you down? And I'm not just
talking about Nvidia or Qualcomm or
anybody else. I'm talking about Google
making its own chips, the TPUs. You've
got Amazon with the tranium.
>> You know, the key thing here is, and you
say it, you say it all the time,
semiconductors are the foundation to
unlock all of this technology. So, yes,
there are lots of chips being built, but
we are operating at the bleeding edge of
technology. Um, I can tell you, Liz, I
mean, the the chiplet technologies that
we put in here, we're using two
nanometer process technology. We have
all of the pieces put together, and more
importantly, we're building this broad
ecosystem. So, you know, I'm really
proud of the fact that it's yes, it's
not just about AMD. It's about AMD plus
everybody in our ecosystem coming
together and making this a reality.
>> Lisa Sue, CEO of AMD. Here we are at CES
2026.
It's been 25 years since my first CES
2001. Bill Jates unveiled the Xbox. Big
moment for for GPUs.
>> Yes. What's the significance of this
point where we are in the CES journey
and the CES dead?
>> You know, I think what we've seen uh
with CES over the years is, you know, it
kind of sets the tone for the year. You
know, it starts very early in the year,
early in January, and we all come here
uh and you get a feel for um how people
are feeling, how optimistic they are,
you know, if if there's anything that's
on their mind. And I think what we've
seen each year is that, you know, it's
really expanded beyond just traditional
consumers. And now you see just a whole
range of people who come to CES really
to just learn about what the state of
technology is. So I mean, no question
this year it's all about AI because um
you know AI is just infused in every
part of technology. Uh but I you know we
love CES as uh you know just a way of
getting a feel for you know how the year
is going to be. And we're here sort of
bright and early, dark and early here.
Yes, it is early before the floor has
opened. I mean, we're getting, you see
here, this this watch display, uh,
headphones, AI is getting infused into
everything. So often AMD technology is
the base that so many of these companies
need to use to figure out how to do that
and then even how some of that gets
processed on the back end. How big does
the ecosystem have to be? How
comprehensive does your communication
with so many companies worldwide have to
be to really drive that?
>> Well, um we really do think of you know
computing as endtoend especially for AI.
So you think about the largest
environments in the cloud you know this
is where you're uh putting in the big
iron in terms of you know CPUs and GPUs.
Um what you see here at CES though is
you know the range from the the most
complicated uh products to you know some
of the actually the the simplest and so
we see um you know AI through you know
PCs lots and lots of PCs here as we talk
about new form factors um of PCs and
then we see AI in the edge you know with
uh whether you're talking about
automotive or you're talking about
robotics or you're talking about
industrial you know lots of different
applications um require computing and we
love working with all of these guys.
>> Glad that keynote's behind you. It must
be a lot of work.
>> It is a bit of work. I got to say
>> like for you certainly, but a whole
team. So, it's it's got to be a little
bit of a relief.
>> It it is. We are. Um but we're honored
to be invited to give the opening
keynote and uh there's no question it's
a lot of work, but it's also an
opportunity to showcase end to end AMD,
which we don't get to do all that often.
So, a lot of fun and a lot of work, but
very happy to be able to be part of this
amazing time. up in technology.
>> I'm pretty sure I remember the first day
I met you. Um, it was a different AMD
CEO and you had come in I think at the
EVP or SVP level and it was kind of like
hey new team Lisa Sue is coming in.
You've taken AMD. I mean AMD always had
a lot of potential but wasn't quite
hitting. You guys are hitting now. Where
do you feel you are in your CEO journey?
I mean we're more than halfway through
this particular decade. You've been
going strong for a while. What keeps you
motivated?
>> Well, look, I when you think about just
the journey we are on with technology, I
mean, that's what keeps me motivated.
It's like every year I'm running a
different company. That's how it feels.
Uh, and it really is an opportunity, you
know, for us to touch the lives of so
many people. I mean, that's what I'm
really passionate about. But I'm really
passionate about seeing our technology
in action doing great things and whether
that's for companies or for people and
and really impacting people's lives. And
that that kind of is such a motivating
thing that gets you up in the morning,
you know, brighteyed every single day
thinking about how can I take tech to
the next level uh to um unlock that
potential.
>> Morning, Carl. Uh thank you and thank
you Lisa for being with us here this
morning at CES. You had the opening
keynote at CES last night. You talked
about yatascale computing. Sometimes it
sounds like folks in the technology
industry are just making up words, but
this is real. What is yatascale?
>> So, uh, John, great to be here. Um,
always great to be at CES and there's so
much excitement this year. Look, what
we're seeing is, you know, the show is
all about AI and it is, you know, our
theme is AI everywhere for everyone. And
so when we look at you know just the
demand environment that we've seen just
over the last couple of years you know
just today you know we have like a
hundred zoflops of compute which sounds
like a lot it's a 100 times increase
over the last you know four or five
years that we're projecting forward and
we're seeing um a demand environment
where you're going to have you know
you're going to go from a billion active
users in AI today to over five billion
active users over the next five years
and so you need a lot more compute so a
yata flop top is um actually 10 to the
24th if you think about it. One in 24
zeros. That's how much more compute
we're going to need to put on. And it is
really just an amazing time when you
think about, you know, how much um AI
can really uh really add in terms of use
cases over the next four or five years.
>> How confident can investors be in this
demand calculation when so much of
what's going into this isn't yet
profitable? like people are taking
losses on the expectation of the
productivity that this is going to
deliver and you know valuations are kind
of high right now. I think there's some
concern that at some point if there's a
bump in the road a couple of wheels come
off the truck.
>> You know John I wouldn't say that um
that this is about uh you know where is
the return on investment. I I think this
is about looking at the long-term
[music] potential where you really see
that you know computing unlocks
intelligence and it makes um businesses
much more productive. It makes you know
people much [music] more uh capable. It
helps us do so many different things. So
we're actually seeing a number of
realworld use cases that are absolutely
returning on investment. Uh we had uh
for example um a lot of conversation.
Greg Brockman was on with us uh last
night talking about the the key
productivity use cases uh that they're
seeing uh with open AI. We had a number
of you know leading startups that were
talking about their new models that are
revolutionizing you know how we think
about um entertainment and video
production and those kinds of things. Uh
we even you know talked we had a
healthcare panel talking about real
world use cases for drug discovery uh
for um you know genome tracking all of
these things are cases where we're
seeing you know the direct benefits of
AI in terms of you know science and
enterprise and business. So I'm
absolutely confident that that demand
environment is going to continue and
actually accelerate as we see these use
cases go um much broader in in scale. A
robot a humanoid robot is becoming a
requirement it seems in AI related
presentations in 2025 and 2026. What is
the potential of physical AI and uh
particularly humanoid robots? Where do
you place it in AMD's priorities and how
you want to tune your technology and
capabilities to serve markets you expect
to really evolve?
>> You know, our view of AI is actually
extremely broad, John. So, you know, of
course, there's a lot of excitement
about the cloud and, you know, we gave a
preview of our MI455 and Helios um
system. So, I brought one just to show
you. Here we go. Yes, this is our newest
MI455
uh GPU. It is 320 billion transistors
using the latest uh 2nmter and 3
nanometer technology. And this is the
thing that everyone's talking about in
terms of driving um the large cloud
deployments and where we're talking
about you know you know building you
know data centers everywhere but um the
key about AI is you're going to see it
in all kinds of form factors. So uh
we're excited about AIP PCs. We
announced um a couple of new uh PC
products uh yesterday. We're also
excited about AI at the edge. And when
you talk about physical AI, um I think
physical AI is kind of the next you know
big thing. Um we expect you know
robotics to be a big um aspect of that.
We also expect just all kinds of
industrial applications uh where you're
going to see edge AI um you know come
into play and you know it's just the
natural extension. So it is um all of it
is um our view of where you know AI is
um is needing more and more compute and
that's what is part of our strategy is
to ensure enable all